Update reproducibility code and docs for portal-wide downloads (#366)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures: reproduce-figures/README.md

* The script `prepare-scpca-portal-data.R` which prepares data obtained from the ScPCA Portal and AWS S3 needed to reproduce figures, tables, and the bulk RNA-Seq analysis.
Please see instructions below for usage.
  * This script uses functions provided in `utils.R`.
* TSV files, `FigS1B-gene-expression-data.tsv` and `FigS1C_FigS1D-cell-metrics-data.tsv`, which are used as input to the script `../scripts/FigS1B-D_method-metrics-comparison.R` to create Figures S1-D.
  * Note that this script expects these TSV files to be present in this directory; please do not move them.

> **CAUTION: You will need at least 300 GB of free storage space for downloaded ScCPA Portal data and associated data preparation.**

Reviewer: Wow

Author: Worth noting that this is really a worst case scenario if they have everything downloaded zipped AND unzipped. If they delete the zip files after compressing, they will only need half of this!
Do you think I should expand on that?

    You should unzip this file, which will create a directory `portal-wide_metadata_<accessed-date>`.
    Note the location of this directory for script input.
    You can delete the ZIP file at this point if you prefer.
3. From this page, download the `SingleCellExperiment (R) Download`.
  * Do _not_ click "Merge samples into one project per sample."
  * This will download a ZIP file called `portal-wide_single-cell-experiment_<accessed-date>.zip`.
    You should unzip this file, which will create a directory `portal-wide_single-cell-experiment_<accessed-date>`.
    Note the location of this directory for script input.
    You can delete the ZIP file at this point if you prefer.
4. Next, navigate to the Portal project page for `SCPCP000004`: <https://scpca.alexslemonade.org/projects/SCPCP000001>
  * Click `Download Now` to download this project as a single merged object, selecting the following settings:
    * Modality: `Single-cell`
    * Data Format: `SingleCellExperiment (R)`
    * **Check the box to** `Merge samples into 1 object`
  * This will download a ZIP file called `SCPCP000004_single-cell-experiment_<accessed-date>.zip`.

>     You should unzip this file, which will create a directory `portal-wide_single-cell-experiment_<accessed-date>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should unzip this file, which will create a directory `SCPCP000004_single-cell-experiment_<accessed-date>`.
```
